---
sidebar_position: 5
---

# Use-case descriptions

## Use Case 1

Features associated with this use case:
user account management
flashcard creation/customization

  A user forgets to review because of daily chores and uses StudySync to review before midterm is approaching.

1. User login using StudySynce credential.
2. After logging into the account, the user navigates to Study Tool tab to check his flashcard decks.
3. Then he found the flashcard topic for his subject.
4. After reviewing the flashcards, the user went back to Study Tool page and select "Quiz".
5. Finally, the user completes the quiz and the correct answer is displayed.
6. After submission, the quiz shows all the correct answer and quiz score will be saved to the leaderboard.

## Use Case 2

Features associated with this use case:
User account management
Flashcard creation/customization

  A user is about to take a naturalization test but doesn't have time to study for it due to work, so he needs to practice for the test using StudySync.

1. Users opens the website and logs in with their StudySync accounts.
2. Then since there is nothing on StudySync that he needs to learn, the user needs to add some questions.
3. He then adds the naturalization test questions he has studied and uploads them to StudySync.
4. After completing the upload of the flashcard items he chooses flashcard mode to study those terms and definitions.
5. When the flashcard comes out there are three options, know, don't know, and not sure.
6. Finally, the rating for those questions will be saved and can be used to generate questions for quiz.

## Use Case 3

Features associated with this use case:
User account management
Social learning
Quiz

  A user was recommended a learning program by his classmates that said he could have a quiz competition.

1. He navigates to StudySync website and sign up for a new StudySync account.
2. Then he went to the friends list and chose to add a friend.
3. After adding his friends he is able to receive a shared quiz from one of his friends.
4. The user then has the ability to do the quiz that was shared by his friends.


## Use Case 4

Features associated with this use case:
User account management
Flashcard creation/customization
Customization(AI generation function)

  A user wants to study the subject he wants, but he doesn't find the flashcard for the subject he wants in StudySync.

1. The user navigates to StudySync website and then logs in.
2. After he didn't find any flashcard for the subject he wanted to study, he turned on the AI topic generation function.
3. After pressing AI Assist button, the user is able to specify the description of his desired flashcards.
4. Once the AI has finished the flashcard generating, the user is able to study the flashcard and is also able to rate them.
5. After learning, the user is able to go "Quiz" mode and generate questions by using AI question generating feature.
6. The user didn't like the questions generated by AI, so he/she decides to edit the questions as well as the answer choices and then save it.


## Use Case 5

Features associated with this use case:
User account management
Quizzes/tests

    A user wants to take a quiz created by themselves or a friend and compare it to his/her friends.

1. User logs in to StudySync.
2. User then navigate to the mySets section.
3. At the mySets section, user has a wide range of quizzes either created by themselves or shared by friends.
4. User selects a quiz and completes it.
5. The system will then calculate and the display user's score on the leaderboard.
6. User then navigates to the leaderboard page to compare scores with his/her friends.


## Use Case 6

Features associated with this use case:
User account management
Social Learning(add friends)

   Jack wants to add John as a friend on StudySync.

1. Jack will have to log in to his own account.
2. Then navigate to the socials section.
3. Jack searches for John.
4. Once the John's name popup, Jack recognizes his friends then selects follow.
5. John receives the follow notification and follows the Jack back.
6. John and Jack are now friends on StudySync as they have now follow each other.



## Use Case 7

Features associated with this use case:
User account management
Quizzes/tests(save and resume function)

  A user has been studying for 6 hours and wants to take a break but also wants to save the quiz's progress.

1. User is taking a quiz but then realizes he/she wants to take a quick coffee break.
2. User clicks "Save&Exit" button in order for the quiz to be saved and quit.
3. The system saves the user's progress.
4. After the break, the user goes to the mySets section and pick the quiz to resume.
5. User finishes the quiz and saves its data to the database.



## Use Case 8

Features associated with this use case:
User account management
Flashcard creation and customization

  A user finds out some flashcards need to be updated in order to improve accuracy.

1. User logs in to StudySynce as usual.
2. Then user goes to MySets to view owned/shared flashcards.
3. User finds out which flashcard set need to be updated.
4. User selects flashcard set and makes changes to the flashcard definition and details.
5. User saves changes and then flashcards are updated and ready to be learned.

